let's prepare dragon eggs
special halloween the ingredients that
we need are as many eggs as
we want to know colorants that serve
in liquid gel or the kind of dye
that we have and water and we're going to start
taking a saucepan and a little coloring
yellow and we're going to dye the water a little
of cooking this will make you like the egg
it is porous it absorbs a tinge of color and
is as the basis of our egg and the
put to cook in the saucepan from
cold water as they were in the fridge
we do not want crystal in zizur if
travel in the uar bill and the
we will put directly from the refrigerator the
sudden temperature change would make
they broke and all the egg came out
for water that's why we do it that way and
while we are going to prepare three glasses with
three different coloring colors
do not worry if you spend with the
coloring, the more the chemo is
more intense will be
once they started sewing and we counted
about 10 or 12 minutes depending on what
cold that was the egg we separated it
of the fire and we took it out quickly and the
we dry on kitchen paper we dry
well be very careful not to burn
they are burning and with the back of
a spoon we help ourselves and we hit them
well everywhere to break them
but without the shell falling off
then we will put them each in the
water of a color in this case we have
made one blue one red and one green and
We are going to leave them resting in the fridge
two hours before peeling once
After a while we prepare a little bit
over kitchen paper
and we drain them
especially not to get lost
and we are going to peel them
with a lot of patient care
to discover what we have achieved
a dragon egg
You see what a pimp we can think of
that this idea is great to do
some stuffed halloween eggs
sure great that the kids
love it well we can prepare any
type of filling quickie with sticks
mayonnaise crab and chub for
fill them out or we can present them like this or
as we want we give the idea and
you already use it for whatever you want
and remember that we already have a community
in google + where you can upload the photos
of your creations that we love
see why we are convinced that a
we are all delicious